Erik Escobar-Ocon: Background and Ambitions

As noticed above, my name is Erik. Escobar is my father's last name, and Ocon is my mother's last name. My last name was hyphenated due to the fact that before I was born, my father would receive phone calls and mail intended for other individuals with the same name. So there may be a millions Erik Escobar's in the world, but I am pretty sure I am the only Erik Escobar-Ocon.

Now a little bit more of my background. I am from Evanston, IL. It is the first suburb north of Chicago. I went to Evanston Township High School. I decided to come to IIT because it had given me the best scholarship, and it had a major I wanted to pursue. This major was Computer Engineering. I have always been fascinated with computers. My first computer had Windows ME installed, had a dial-up connection, and yes, it did have Netscape Navigator on it. I switched out of computer engineering because circuits threw me off. I did not want to actually build computers, I wanted to program. After my second year, I knew I wanted to switch out, but I did not know if I wanted to either switch to computer science, or information technology management. I ultimately went with computer information systems, with an ITM minor. The best of both worlds. 

My minor is Internet Application Development. It has to deal with website development, which is something I love, and see myself doing it for life. I did HTML in high school, so I had knowledge about it. All I needed, was to catch up with the modern technology, which IIT is good for. So far, I have learned PHP, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, AJAX, and a whole bunch more at my time at IIT. I can pretty much say, that I am ready to take on the world. 

My ambitions are limitless. Everyone has a lot of ambitions in life. For one, I want to work in web development. Whether it is front end development or back end, it does not matter to me, but I do prefer front end just a little. My dream job would be to work for Google. That will happen one day. I guaruntee you. Just google my name in 10 years. My ambitions for this class are to continue learning the modern technology. I know this class will be helpful, which is why I decided to enroll. 